♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
Sub by WeTV & Synced by skysoultan
(Previously on Episode 24)
I'm here to apply for suspending my schooling.
My mom had a relapse.
To be honest,
I've liked her for a long time.
Is there someone you miss very much?
Yes.
Will you miss her greatly
but restrain yourself from going to see her?
Yes.
(Episode 25: So I Didn't Do Anything Wrong)
Cai Yasi, what's wrong with you?
Why are you so restless?
Xiao, I'm sorry. It's my fault.
Go away if you're sorry. Good.
Come here.
If so, then come here.
Why?.
Let me beat you and...
I will forgive you.
But you just beat me.
No. It was a kick.
Then come on.
OK.
Don't dodge.
You...
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
I couldn't hit you. I couldn't.
Give me my bag. I'm going back to my dorm.
Go on, little madam. See you.
What did you call me?
Fanzhou.
When did you come back from Beijing?
Today.
Great.
I was going
to go there to see Mrs. Zhao
as well as
tell you something.
Fanzhou,
how's Mrs. Zhao recovering?
She's recovering well.
Shall we have dinner together?
It's my treat.
I'm flying back to Beijing tonight.
What? That's so quick.
Is it because of Zhou Xiao?
None of your business.
Fanzhou.
I really have something to tell you.
It's very important.
I've only got thirty minutes.
My dad and mom are going to immigrate.
They want me to go with them
and apply for another college there.
That's pretty good.
Do you really think so?
I'm no longer
the weak girl.
If you need me,
I can bravely stay here for you.
At that time
I was too cowardly
to stand up for you.
That's why we failed to be together.
I wish you wouldn't make
any decision for me.
But you know I like you.
Why...
Because I don't like you.
I'm off.
You still like her, don't you?
Answer me.
It's no business of yours who I like.
You and Zhou Xiao have broken up.
Eventually only I am staying with you.
Ever since we were kids,
I've been the most suitable for you,
but not Zhou Xiao.
There's no so-called " a chance".
You've never had it.
You'll regret this, Zhao Fanzhou.
You'll regret this.
Mom, Dad.
Fanzhou, you're back.
Mm.
(Shunjie Express)
(The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner)
We must let everyone
in the library see Zhou Xiao's new book.
Put them in the most conspicuous place.
(Detective Novels)
Why are you so devoted to this?
This. And this one.
Ms. Huang.
Cai Yasi, what are you doing here?
Your book is well written.
(The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner)
These are all my books?
It's a bit hot.
Yes.
If the weather is fine,
we'll go outside more often
and get more fresh air.
Do you think I've aged a lot over the years?
Who said that?
When have I lied to you?
You're sweating.
It's a bit sultry but I'm okay.
-Thanks. Thanks.
-Thanks.
Happy New Year, everyone!
Happy New Year!
Many of you guys are here.
I'm so happy.
Everyone is smiling.
Yes.
I'm so happy.
Let's introduce ourselves first.
That's the rule.
I'm a crosstalk performer from Deyun Club...
Look, we're so popular.
No. No.
We've worked together for around ten years.
Yes.
He's super nice to me
and he often helps me.
That's right.
And he often brings me good stuff.
Right.
This nice man has always
taken good care of me.
Honestly, he often helps me carry my shoes.
Hold on. Hold on.
I carry you your shoes?
You know, I can hardly bend down
to reach mine.
(Qin Meng: The Real Forensic World
Behind My Novels)
Hurry up, both of you,
or we'll miss our plane.
It's your bad.
The doctor discharged you this morning
and you booked us on this afternoon's flight.
Otherwise, we wouldn't have to hurry.
If you stay in hospital for more than a year,
you'll know how much I want to leave here.
That's true. I want you to leave here, too.
Fanzhou,
check again. Don't leave anything behind.
Okay.
Fanzhou,
there's a mail
Yichun sent you a year ago.
Why haven't you opened it?
Put it there.
I'll open it for you.
It may be some good thing.
Don't miss it.
(Shunjie Express)
(Genetic Testing Report
of Beijing Xieping Medical Laboratory)
Fanzhou,
Isn't this
your genetic testing report?
Genetic testing report?
When did you get tested?
Patient's Name: Zhao Fanzhou
Beijing Xieping Hospital
(Bipolar Disorder: Genetic Risk 1.1)
Let me see.
I didn't see anything.
It's something bad.
(Zhao Fanzhou)
Fanzhou,
it's been a year.
You finally remembered me.
I hope you'll explain
the report you sent me.
I doctored your report.
What you're having now is the real one.
Why did you do that?
You still don't get it?
Only you and Zhou Xiao broke up
would I have a chance.
Why did you send it to me, then?
I just wanted to know something.
I wanted to know
if you still had affection for me.
If you had it,
you would open the mail
and know the truth.
If you didn't have it,
you would be in the dark forever.
You're furious now, aren't you?
I don't want to see you ever again.
Now that
you'll never love me,
it's not a bad thing to be hated by you.
Mom,
what do you want to talk about?
We have a plane to catch.
I want to talk with you
about the reason you broke up with Zhou Xiao.
It's been such a long time.
There's no need to talk about that.
It was because of
that genetic testing report, wasn't it?
How did you know?
I read it in the toilet.
And just now I eavesdropped when you talked
with Yichun by phone.
Mom,
don't...
No, no, no.
I'm okay.
I just think I was being
a burden on you again.
Don't think like that.
It's my fault.
Fanzhou,
what are you going to do now?
Actually,
I went back to the school
to see Zhou Xiao before.
She's quite happy now
and I was the one who ended our relationship.
I don't want to ruin her quiet life.
That's so untypical of you.
I got well and now you're sick?
Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry.
Actually I know
not everyone
is eligible to be a parent.
Your dad and I quarreled all the time.
We didn't let you grow up
in a good environment
and now
we even affected your relationship.
I'm really sorry.
Mom.
Actually I've been thinking a lot
for a period of time.
Your dad and I have stopped
loving each other long ago.
It's pointless for us to go on like that.
So splitting up is a good choice.
But you're different.
I know you really like Zhou Xiao.
You can't give up.
What are you hesitating about?
Try your best to get her back.
I'm especially experienced in that.
I'll teach you, alright?
Mom,
it seems you've really recovered.
You're so annoying.
I like Zhou Xiao very much
and so do you.
Chase after her again.
I support you.
It's raining
and you want me to get your takeouts
at the back door?
No, I'm not going.
Ask Fang Wei to get them.
The boys' dorm is closer to the back door.
Why should I go there?
I'm not going. Bye-bye.
I'll hang up now.
Zhou Xiao.
It's been a long time.
♪I would never hurt you...♪
Yes, indeed.
I came back to school.
Congratulations.
♪... but there is no light in my world.♪
It's raining more heavily. See you.
♪I love you more than I can say.♪
♪But still, I'm afraid of letting you down,♪
♪I want to give you hope
and take you around.♪
♪But my future is full of sorrow.♪
♪I don't want to live in sorrow,♪
♪going through all the sweet memory.♪
♪It will eat away at my soul,♪
♪devouring all the light I once saw.♪
What...
what's up with her?
Zhao Fanzhou is back.
He dared to come back?
Where's he? I'll go and kick his ass now.
Can you help me
kick Fang Wei's ass as well?
He didn't even have time
to fetch takeouts for me.
I got it in the rain myself.
Forget about it, Lu.
I'm going to sleep.
Change your wet clothes first.
They're just a bit wet.
The heat
in my quilt will dry them.
Fool.
Have a good sleep.
We need to prepare the exhibition tomorrow.
Fanzhou.
Give me a hug.
You finally came back.
I'm back.
You won't leave this time, will you?
It's a great thing you came back.
In order to keep your bed,
I have done
everything I could
and I almost fought with the dorm keeper.
Thanks.
If you come back to have classes now,
we'll be in the same grade, won't we?
The school has agreed
that as long as I pass the make-up exams,
I'll be able to be a senior directly.
Boring.
Okay.
I'll buy breakfast for you and your roommates
on my way to the library
tomorrow morning.
Muah.
What are you doing tomorrow?
Tell me now.
It's alright.
Fix it with something.
Don't let it come loose.
How come only you two are here?
Where are the others?
The exhibits are not enough.
Lu and Xie Yixing have gone to the
Department of Art to make some.
Tao Ling and Fang Wei seem to have left.
Come down here. I'll go up.
You're so talkative.
Are you cosplaying as my dad?
My dear daughter,
come down.
Come down here.
No.
Are you okay?
Don't go.
What are you doing, Luo Wei?
You need to give them some space
and let them have a talk.
I'm looking out for you.
Don't always play gooseberry.
It's bad for your health.
Help me hang these things up.
How?
This. Move this there first.
You finally came to see me.
Where were you?
Tao Ling,
let me explain.
Zhou Xiao, I have something to tell you.
Shut up.
Tao Ling and Fang Wei are quarreling outside.
It'll be awkward if they know we're here.
I'm sorry.
I've done the wrong things.
What are they?
I
should have helped you with your takeouts
and the exhibition.
And?
I should have gone shopping,
watched the movie and eaten with you.
But I really have
my reasons.
I was too busy with the project
my tutor assigned.
I haven't had a good sleep for a week.
You deserve it.
But I came
to see you
as soon as I completed the project,
instead of catching up on my sleep.
Haven't I admitted
my mistakes very sincerely?
I'll think about
how I should judge you.
Don't answer it.
It's my tutor. Don't be childish.
Mr. Li.
Okay.
I'll be right there.
Fang Wei,
I haven't agreed to let you leave yet.
Can I go now?
We'll break up if you dare to go.
Okay.
It's the first time he has agreed
to break up with me.
I'm sorry, Zhou Xiao.
It's okay. I forgive you.
I want to start over with you.
Are you sick?
I thought I was.
What do you mean?
My mom's manic depression
could be inherited.
I had a genetic test in Beijing
and the results showed
my probability of having the disease
was 41.1 times.
And... and then?
Then I broke up with you.
But I didn't know until yesterday
that Jia Yichun
changed my test results.
I'm actually not at risk of that disease.
Okay.
Got it.
Zhou Xiao.
You didn't tell me when you knew
you may fall ill.
You only wanted to break up with me.
As your girlfriend,
couldn't I even know about this matter?
You have been living a happy life
since your childhood.
I was not sure
whether I could give you
such happiness or not back then.
Even if there's a possibility of 0.01%
that I'm unable to give you happiness,
I shouldn't get you implicated
and let you share my burden.
But have you thought about this?
I wouldn't be happy without you.
Sorry.
So in your mind I'm not the one
you can share your sufferings with.
When you got into difficulties,
I was the first person you gave up.
I thought I did some wrong things.
So I didn't do anything wrong.
I'm sorry.
Let's just leave it at that.
Your alarm.
Turn off your alarm.
My head aches.
Mine aches, too.
We drank too much yesterday.
Get up now.
We have things to do later.
How are Zhou Xiao and Tao Ling?
I don't know. Check on them.
Lu,
Tao Ling and Zhou Xiao
are not in their beds.
Would they do anything to themselves
because of their relationship problems?
Zhou Xiao is really an amazing girl.
She loves her detective career so much.
After doing an experiment
all night and having
breakfast here,
will you feel energetic again
and have an impulse to go back to the lab?
No.
It's been over a year
but you're still so boring.
If you weren't so competent,
I would've been through with you long ago.
Fanzhou, here.
What did you call him for?
Professor.
He's my roommate, Xie Yixing.
Hello, Professor Hu.
This is his girlfriend,
Lu.
Hello, professor.
Are you the professor
who didn't allow
Zhao Fanzhou to go back
to his dorm and sleep?
Exactly.
And you are the person
who called him a dozen times
a night and constantly
interrupted our experiment, his roommate,
Xie Yixing?
Yes, that's me.
Professor,
let's eat.
Let's eat, too.
(Notifications)
(An earthquake hits near
Nanshi Economic Development Zone)
Eat faster.
We have to go to the library.
What's the rush?
Let's wait for Fanzhou.
He must want to go as well.
Zhou Xiao will be there, after all.
Zhou Xiao doesn't want to see him.
Lu, don't talk like that.
Zhao Fanzhou is my friend.
Let him go for my sake.
Right.
Don't go to the library.
You're not welcomed there.
What happened? You broke up with Zhou Xiao?
Don't you like her very much?
He was in difficulty.
Still we're not forgiving him.
Right. We won't forgive you.
Have you finished eating?
Let's get going.
Professor, we're off.
Bye-bye, professor.
You've been unpopular
after you came back.
Xiao,
help me check if Fang Wei is here.
Nope.
What?
Seriously?
He didn't come here.
Is he really going to break up with me?
Why did you avoid him
since you miss him so much?
Well,
my eyes are swollen.
I don't want him to see this.
We cried together yesterday.
How come my eyes are swollen
and nothing happened to yours?
It may be because I cry a lot
and I've been well trained.
I really can't see what you cried for
when your ex begged to be with you again.
I'm the one who's pitiful.
If so, just talk with Fang Wei
and don't be childish again.
No.
The one who apologizes first will lose.
It's a matter of principle.
How can you have so many bad arguments?
You don't believe me, do you?
Look.
The one who lost is here.
I bought you both breakfast.
No, thanks.
You don't have time to buy breakfast.
Take it.
We don't need to have breakfast.
I bought your favorite, cabbage dumplings.
I don't like cabbage dumplings anymore.
Don't follow me.
You're such a heartless woman.
Zhao Fanzhou was
such a pitiful sight
and you still turned him down.
Just go. Don't talk rubbish.
My stuffed buns.
I'll buy some for you.
You've done so much work.
What took you two so long?
Aren't you too late?
I need to talk to you.
Tao Ling,
come and help me.
If this is a TV play,
Zhou Xiao will absolutely
be the heroine.
What did Zhao Fanzhou say to you yesterday?
I've answered you a hundred times.
Did you accept his apology?
No,
honestly.
Why are you here?
I came to help you.
We don't need your help.
Zhao Fanzhou,
you're back.
Ms. Huang.
Can I help you with your exhibition?
Of course. Welcome.
Thanks, Ms. Huang.
Come on. Start working.
Stop watching.
Get back to work.
Give me one of those.
I'll help her.
You go there.
Thanks.
No problem.
There.
Be careful.
Oh,
fetch me the bronze inscription, "Dog".
Be careful not to fall off the ladder.
Mm.
Which one?
The one that looks like a dog.
They all look like dogs.
So do you.
Yes, that's it.
Thanks.
It's so beautiful.
Let's go.
What are you two
doing?
Well,
excuse me for a moment.
Don't call him.
Call him.
This is driving me crazy.
Shall I call him or not?
I just can't decide.
Tao Ling,
what are you doing?
I didn't call Fang Wei.
You two quarreled again?
Call him if you want to.
Go downhill when you need to.
Wait not till only uphill roads are left.
Don't just tease me.
It's been two years
and you've made no progress.
Zhao Fanzhou achieved more
than you in two days.
What did he achieve?
Just now
Zhou Xiao went out.
I saw Zhao Fanzhou going out as well.
And you're still standing here.
Where did they go?
How should I know
this kind of private matter?
Go away.
Zhou Xiao, I have...
I know you have something to say
but I don't wanna hear it.
How long are you gonna follow me?
Is this interesting to you?
Ms. Huang asked me
to look for some ancient characters with you.
We need more about animals.
That's better for students
from the Department of Art
when they're making characters.
Oh.
Zhao Fanzhou.
What's he doing?
Cai Yasi,
what are you looking for?
It seems a pile of books
hasn't been put away yet.
I came back to check it.
I'll go and handle those books.
Mm.
Zhou Xiao.
What?
Come and have a look.
What shall I look at?
Some characters.
What do you want me to look at?
(I'm sorry. Please give me one more chance.)
I don't understand.
Read the first characters on these books.
You've done this before.
See? When you line them up,
they become a thrilling detective story
with a twist of
kinship.
Have I?
I don't remember that.
I'm sorry.
Please give me one more chance.
Put the books back in their places.
Otherwise, other students won't be able
to find them according to their bar codes.
Zhou Xiao.
Put them back.
Where are you going?
Look for the characters yourself.
I don't want to stay with you.
Emergency. Emergency.
The earthquake agency warned
that a 4.3-magnitude earthquake
is striking the city.
Staff in closed places,
please evacuate students right away.
Don't take the elevator. Use the stairs.
Don't panic. Don't push and shove.
Mind where you're treading. Don't fall over.
Withdraw quickly and safely.
Emergency. Emergency.
The earthquake agency warned
that a 4.3-magnitude earthquake
is striking the city.
-Zhou Xiao.
-Staff in closed places,
-please evacuate students right away.
-Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao.
Come with me.
Leave right now.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhao Fanzhou, don't go in.
-Use the stairs. That way.-Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhao Fanzhou,
go outside now!
Quickly. Don't panic.
Quick. Be careful.
Hurry up.
Be careful. Mind the steps.
Were you hurt?
Slowly.
Did anything hit you?
No. I'm okay.
Zhao Fanzhou.
What's wrong?
Be careful. Quickly.
Hey.
Come back, Zhou Xiao.
Be careful.
Cai Yasi, what are you doing?
Ms. Huang, she went in.
You can't go, Cai Yasi.
Cai Yasi,
you can't go.
Cai Yasi!
Be careful.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhao Fanzhou.
I'm here.
Be careful!
Are you okay?
Yes.
Let's go.
Come on.
Go to a safe place.
Zhou Xiao,
where's Cai Yasi?
We didn't see him just now.
Zhou Xiao,
are you okay?
Yes.
Cai Yasi just went inside to look for you.
I'll look for him.
You stay here. I'll go.
Cai Yasi, here.
You scared me to death.
Are you okay?
Of course.
I'm a lucky guy.
I wasn't hurt a little bit.
You weren't hurt a little bit
but Zhao Fanzhou...
Fanzhou, what happened to your shoulder?
Go to the hospital.
What is it?
Don't look at it.
I'm okay. I just bled a bit.
Let me have a look at it.
Don't. You'll faint at the sight of blood.
Go to the hospital.
No. I'll handle it myself.
Do you think you're a gibbon?
We're off.
There must be lots of people
at the campus hospital.
I'd better not go there.
Are you going or not?
Yes.
Aren't you going with me?
Go there yourself.
Go.
I'll go if you turn around.
Fine. I'll go with you.
I'll take him to the hospital.
Go.
♪There is something
you don't care if you miss.♪
♪There is someone
you still wanna win back if you lose.♪
♪I told you how I feel about you,♪
♪but you think I'm kidding.♪
♪I'm serious.♪
♪Do you believe me?♪
(Next Episode)
Perhaps we're really not
suitable for each other.
Come and have lunch with me.
Just the two of us.
OK.
Fanzhou,
why do you suddenly come back?
In my son's mind,
you're more important than himself.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪